README.md, before:

# readme
 In this directory code snippets are organized in separate markdown files based on software, task, etc.
 
 The [Wiki for this repo](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/wiki) contains more detailed guides and instructions on things like:
 
 - [Jupyter Notebooks](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/wiki/Jupyter-Notebook-Guide)
 - [Super Computing with Mox](https://github.com/RobertsLab/hyak_mox/wiki)
 - [Docker](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/wiki/docker)

---

## File Descriptions

- R.md - Intended for R tips. Currently empty.

- README.md - This is the file you're currently reading.

- bash.md - Collection of commonly used bash commands for counting, finding & replacing, and moving/renaming files.

- fasta.md - FASTA file manipulation including counting sequences, converting FASTQ to FASTA, & converting FASTA to tab-delmited.

- jupyter.md - Ways to work with Jupyter Notebooks including embedding notebooks in websites, viewing notebooks on nbviwer.com, and using Jupyter Notebooks on remote computers.

- misc.md - Tips for using SSH, MD5 checksums, and gzip manipulation.

- sqlshare.md - Tips for using SQLshare, but most commands are compatible with MySQL and/or SQLite. Lots of tips on joining tables and counting values.

Commit message:

Add descriptions of wiki links.

README.md, after:

# readme
 In this directory code snippets are organized in separate markdown files based on software, task, etc.
 
 The [Wiki for this repo](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/wiki) contains more detailed guides and instructions on things like:
 
 - [Jupyter Notebooks](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/wiki/Jupyter-Notebook-Guide).
     - Jupyter Notebooks are an ideal means to document (and improve reproducibility) of computing commands.
 - [Super Computing with Mox](https://github.com/RobertsLab/hyak_mox/wiki)
     - Mox is a high powered designed computer designed for seriously intensive computing
     - Due to the steep learning curve, it has its own dedicated wiki.
 - [Docker](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/wiki/docker)
     - Docker is a means to run a virtual Linux computer (great for Windows users!).
     - We have as Docker setup to install the most commonly used software used in the Roberts Lab, including Jupyter Notebook.

---

## File Descriptions

- R.md - Intended for R tips. Currently empty.

- README.md - This is the file you're currently reading.

- bash.md - Collection of commonly used bash commands for counting, finding & replacing, and moving/renaming files.

- fasta.md - FASTA file manipulation including counting sequences, converting FASTQ to FASTA, & converting FASTA to tab-delmited.

- jupyter.md - Ways to work with Jupyter Notebooks including embedding notebooks in websites, viewing notebooks on nbviwer.com, and using Jupyter Notebooks on remote computers.

- misc.md - Tips for using SSH, MD5 checksums, and gzip manipulation.

- sqlshare.md - Tips for using SQLshare, but most commands are compatible with MySQL and/or SQLite. Lots of tips on joining tables and counting values.
