apptainer_definition_files/README.md, before:

`code/apptainer_definition_files`

### Apptainer (Singularity) Definition Files

This is a repository for all of [the Roberts Lab](https://robertslab.github.io/resources/) definition files used for creating [Apptainer](https://apptainer.org/) images.

---

- [`bedtools-2.31.1.def`](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/blob/master/apptainer_definition_files/bedtools-2.31.1.def): Creates image with [bedtools v2.31.1](https://bedtools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and installs in system `$PATH`. Bedtools can be called by entering `bedtools`.

- [`isoform-expression-hisat2-stringtie.def`](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/blob/master/apptainer_definition_files/isoform-expression-hisat2-stringtie.def): Creates an image geared toward isoform expression analysis with the following software:

  - [`hisat2`](https://daehwankimlab.github.io/hisat2/)

  - [`gffcompare`](https://ccb.jhu.edu/software/stringtie/gffcompare.shtml)

  - [`samtools`](https://www.htslib.org/doc/samtools.html)

  - [`stringtie`](https://ccb.jhu.edu/software/stringtie/)

- [`ubuntu-22.04-base.def`](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/blob/master/apptainer_definition_files/ubuntu-22.04-base.def): The "base" image upon which all other images are built. Runs Ubuntu 22.04 and contains the necessary programs/libraries needed for the building/installation of other software.

Commit message:

update README to reflect base.def filename change

apptainer_definition_files/README.md, after:

`code/apptainer_definition_files`

### Apptainer (Singularity) Definition Files

This is a repository for all of [the Roberts Lab](https://robertslab.github.io/resources/) definition files used for creating [Apptainer](https://apptainer.org/) images.

---

- [`bedtools-2.31.1.def`](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/blob/master/apptainer_definition_files/bedtools-2.31.1.def): Creates image with [bedtools v2.31.1](https://bedtools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and installs in system `$PATH`. Bedtools can be called by entering `bedtools`.

- [`isoform-expression-hisat2-stringtie.def`](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/blob/master/apptainer_definition_files/isoform-expression-hisat2-stringtie.def): Creates an image geared toward isoform expression analysis with the following software:

  - [`hisat2`](https://daehwankimlab.github.io/hisat2/)

  - [`gffcompare`](https://ccb.jhu.edu/software/stringtie/gffcompare.shtml)

  - [`samtools`](https://www.htslib.org/doc/samtools.html)

  - [`stringtie`](https://ccb.jhu.edu/software/stringtie/)

- [`srlab-bioinformatics-container.def`](https://github.com/RobertsLab/code/blob/master/apptainer_definition_files/srlab-bioinformatics-container.def): Apptainer definition file for the Roberts Lab bioinformatics container. Runs Ubuntu 22.04 and contains the necessary commonly used software used for various types of data analyses. Review the file to see which software is currently being installed.
